Fermi client fix (#2983)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/2983.bugfix.rst

> added the FERMI GBM client in `sunpy.net.dataretriever.sources`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added back the FERMI GBM client to `sunpy.net.dataretriever.sources`.
```
